Faint Raspberry Swan

Medium

# Malicious attacker can call `finalizeWithdrawsManual` to let account get less when eETH share/amount decrease

## Summary
Malicious attacker can call `finalizeWithdrawsManual` to let account get less when eETH share/amount decrease.
## Vulnerability Detail
Anyone can call `finalizeWithdrawsManual` directly without access control. `finalizeWithdrawsManual` function is to get tokensClaimed from integrated protocol (ethena, etherfi, kelp) and stored in a "split" withdraw request. Account can full claim after.
Is there any chance that actual claimed amount is less than the expected claimed amount for integrated protocol?
ethena: No
etherfi: Yes
kelp: No
Let's discuss etherfi.
The `getClaimableAmount` in [WithdrawRequestNFT](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdaaac9488f9934956b55fcdaef6f9d92f8008ca7#code) contract is as follows:
```solidity
    function getClaimableAmount(uint256 tokenId) public view returns (uint256) {
        require(tokenId < nextRequestId, "Request does not exist");
        require(tokenId <= lastFinalizedRequestId, "Request is not finalized");
        require(ownerOf(tokenId) != address(0), "Already Claimed");

        IWithdrawRequestNFT.WithdrawRequest memory request = _requests[tokenId];
        require(request.isValid, "Request is not valid");

 @    // send the lesser value of the originally requested amount of eEth or the current eEth value of the shares
        uint256 amountForShares = liquidityPool.amountForShare(request.shareOfEEth);
        uint256 amountToTransfer = (request.amountOfEEth < amountForShares) ? request.amountOfEEth : amountForShares;
        uint256 fee = uint256(request.feeGwei) * 1 gwei;

        return amountToTransfer - fee;
    }
```
Code comments show it will send the lesser value of the originally requested amount of eEth or the current eEth value of the shares. 
In [etherfi doc](https://etherfi.gitbook.io/etherfi/ether.fi-whitepaper/technical-documentation#permissionless-withdrawals):
> The eETH balance of an account is computed as follows:
$BalanceOf(account)=TotalPooledEth∗\frac{Shares[account]}{TotalShares}$
-TotalPooledEth= the total amount of ETH controlled by the protocol
-Shares[account]= the account's share of eETH 
-TotalShares= the total shares of eETH
Here, TotalPooledEth= (D + P + R) as reported by the [Oracle](https://etherfi.gitbook.io/etherfi/ether.fi-whitepaper/technical-documentation#oracle):
-D= the total ETH deposits in the liquidity pool
-P= the total ETH claims on principals for the T-NFTs in the liquidity pool
-R= the total ETH claims on rewards for the T-NFTs in the liquidity pool

So if one validator get slashed, the TotalPooledEth will decrease and with the same share the account's eETH balance will decrease. If a malicious attacker notices this, he can call `finalizeWithdrawsManual` to account which don't finalize withdraw in etherfi, the account will get less than expected amount.
## Impact
Account gets less expected claimed amount in some case.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/staking/BaseStakingVault.sol#L267-L269
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/WithdrawRequestBase.sol#L180-L198
## Tool used
manual
## Recommendation
Set a trusted role to call `finalizeWithdrawsManual`.