Quaint Cherry Llama

High

# Precision calculation error in PendlePTOracle::_calculateBaseToQuote causing erroneous price reports

## Summary
PendlePTOracle is expected to provide a result in rateDecimals (10^18) but instead provides the result in different decimals (depending on PTToken decimals) due to a calculation error. As a result, reported pricing can diverge from real price by orders of magnitude.

## Vulnerability Detail
In PendlePTOracle::_calculateBaseToQuote the calculation providing the answer is this:
```solidity
int256 ptRate = expiry <= block.timestamp ? ptDecimals : _getPTRate();

answer = (ptRate * baseToUSD * rateDecimals) /
    (baseToUSDDecimals * ptDecimals);
```
```solidity
function _getPTRate() internal view returns (int256) {
    uint256 ptRate = useSyOracleRate ? 
        Deployments.PENDLE_ORACLE.getPtToSyRate(pendleMarket, twapDuration) :
        Deployments.PENDLE_ORACLE.getPtToAssetRate(pendleMarket, twapDuration);
    return ptRate.toInt();
}
```
This calculation assumes that the ptRate returned from PENDLE_ORACLE is given in ptDecimals (which is why the formula divides by ptDecimals). However this is incorrect. In fact the Pendle oracle returns ptRate in fixed 10^18 decimals (regardless of the PT Token decimals): This can be seen in Pendle's oracle code [here](https://github.com/pendle-finance/pendle-core-v2-public/blob/e31a6ac30b844361a64e93fa1d835c42ca1bdefe/contracts/oracles/PendlePYOracleLib.sol#L64), note that when getPtToAssetRateRaw returns a value of 1 (in the case that expiry time has passed) PMath.ONE (which is 10^18) is used. An example can be seen in the [aUSDC pendle market on Arbitrum](https://app.pendle.finance/trade/markets/0x875f154f4ec93255beaea9367c3adf71cdcb4cc0/swap?view=pt&chain=arbitrum&py=output) where the [PT token](https://arbiscan.io/address/0xbb47ad7f407cbd385c9269ebd0d1eb1cb634cdfa) decimals are 6 but when calling the [Pendle Oracle](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x9a9fa8338dd5e5b2188006f1cd2ef26d921650c2#readProxyContract) getPtToAssetRate function with the aUSDC market (0x875F154f4eC93255bEAEA9367c3AdF71Cdcb4Cc0) the result is given in 10^18 precision.

The result is that for any pendle market where the PT token decimals are different than 10^18 the oracle returns a result that is orders of magnitude different than the true result (which is expected to be in 10^18 decimals). The distorted price will have an effect system wide, whenever the ptOracle is consulted for price for the purpose of calculations.

### root cause
Dividing by ptDecimals in the answer formula instead of by the pendle oracle precision of 10^18.


## Impact
The resulting price deviation (in the example of aUSDC the result will be in 10^30 decimals instead of 10^18) will cause price reporting to be orders of magnitude different than the expected result. The result is used in TradingMudule::getOraclePrice causing it to potentially report prices that are way off.  
Impact includes:    
A. Erroneous health checks and collateralization rate calculations leading to increased bad debt risk (over-evaluation) or unnecessary liquidations causing loss to users (under-evaluation).  
B. Trade module malfunctioning due to wrong calculation of trade limits, causing trades to either fail, or conversely performing trades that should have been reverted due to excessive slippage.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/14d3eaf0445c251c52c86ce88a84a3f5b9dfad94/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/oracles/PendlePTOracle.sol#L117

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Correct the formula by dividing by the Pendle Oracle fixed precision (10^18) instead of the pt token decimals.