Icy Cedar Nightingale

Medium

# The `PendlePTOracle` contract may return a wrong price when calculating the price with `getPtToAssetRate()`

## Summary

`PendlePTOracle` may return a wrong price after expiry, which is hardcoded to 1, if the Pendle oracle function `getPtToAssetRate()` is used before expiry.

## Vulnerability Detail

Note: The term "after expiry" refers to line 115 inside PendlePTOracle.sol where `expiry` is checked. If `expiry <= block.timestamp`, it is "after expiry", otherwise it is not expired.

On line 86 inside PendlePTOracle.sol the flag `useSyOracleRate` is checked, and if it's `false` the function `getPtToAssetRate()` is used which may not always guaranteed to be 1:1 price. However, after expiry the protocol always returns a hardcoded price of 1 which is correct for PT-SY pair, but may be wrong for PT-Asset prices which may not be a 1:1 price.

Example:

* Before expiry `Deployments.PENDLE_ORACLE.getPtToAssetRate` (line 88 PendlePTOracle.sol) may return a PT-Asset price which is higher or smaller than 1. So based on that price, for 100e18 PT tokens we may receive 150e18 assets tokens.

* After expiry the PT oracle price is hardcoded to 1 (line 113-118 PendlePTOracle.sol), so now for 100e18 PT tokens we receive 100e18 assets.

The example shows that it may be not safe to hardcode the price to 1 for the case where `getPtToAssetRate()` is used.

Reference:

https://docs.pendle.finance/Developers/Contracts/StandardizedYield

https://docs.pendle.finance/Developers/Oracles/HowToIntegratePtAndLpOracle

## Impact

A wrong oracle price may be returned after expiry in the case where the price is determined by using `getPtToAssetRate()`. This may result in a loss for the protocol or for the users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/14d3eaf0445c251c52c86ce88a84a3f5b9dfad94/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/oracles/PendlePTOracle.sol#L115

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/14d3eaf0445c251c52c86ce88a84a3f5b9dfad94/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/oracles/PendlePTOracle.sol#L85-L90


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider not using a hardcoded price of 1 for the case where the function `getPtToAssetRate()` is used.


