Shiny Amber Elephant

Medium

# VaultRewarderLib::_claimRewardToken transfer wrapped in try catch can lead to loss of rewards

## Summary

`VaultRewarderLib::_claimRewardToken` wraps the reward token transfer in a try catch block, which means any failure during the transfer will be ignored and internal debt will be updated as-if the rewards were claimed by the user. The rewards will consist of multiple different tokens, meaning different integrations may have different reasons for reverting, which are discussed below.

## Vulnerability Detail
[VaultRewarderLib::_claimRewardToken()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/VaultRewarderLib.sol#L295-L328)
```solidity
    function _claimRewardToken(
        address rewardToken,
        address account,
        uint256 vaultSharesBefore,
        uint256 vaultSharesAfter,
        uint256 rewardsPerVaultShare
    ) internal returns (uint256 rewardToClaim) {
        rewardToClaim = _getRewardsToClaim(
            rewardToken, account, vaultSharesBefore, rewardsPerVaultShare
        );

        VaultStorage.getAccountRewardDebt()[rewardToken][account] = (
            (vaultSharesAfter * rewardsPerVaultShare) /
                uint256(Constants.INTERNAL_TOKEN_PRECISION)
        );

        if (0 < rewardToClaim) {
            // Ignore transfer errors here so that any strange failures here do not
            // prevent normal vault operations from working. Failures may include a
            // lack of balances or some sort of blacklist that prevents an account
            // from receiving tokens.
            try IEIP20NonStandard(rewardToken).transfer(account, rewardToClaim) {
                bool success = TokenUtils.checkReturnCode();
                if (success) {
                    emit VaultRewardTransfer(rewardToken, account, rewardToClaim);
                } else {
                    emit VaultRewardTransfer(rewardToken, account, 0);
                }
            // Emits zero tokens transferred if the transfer fails.
            } catch {
                emit VaultRewardTransfer(rewardToken, account, 0);
            }
        }
    }
```
The function wraps the `transfer()` call in a try catch block, which means any reward token transfer that fails here will not revert the transaction. A transfer may fail due to multiple reasons in this case:

Pausable ERC20 tokens are somewhat common, especially as OpenZeppelin provides this token version here:
[ERC20Pausable.sol](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC20Pausable.sol)
In usual cases that an ERC20 token is paused, which can occur due to market volatility, a hack, etc, any transfers will revert due to the contract being paused. This means any protocols utilising these tokens will be unable to utilise them until the contract is paused, meaning any accounting actions being performed during the same flow as the transfer will revert, causing no changes.

If there are not enough rewards to satisfy the reward claim, then the transfer will fail. However the failure will be ignored and the debt will be updated.

In this case with the transfer being wrapped in a try catch block, it will lead to the transfer failing silently, meaning the rest of transaction flow will continue and internal accounting will be changed. **This is a unique bug to this integration logic, and when usually protocols pausing their contracts is not a valid issue, in this case it will lead to a loss of rewards, which I believe should classify as a valid issue that is specific to this Notional code.**

## Impact

Wrapping the `tranfer` call in a try catch statement, which causes any reverts within the `tranfer` call to be ignored which will cause Notional accounting to still continue as-if rewards were transfered to the user. This will lead to the user losing out on their rewards as the internal debt will still be overwritten as-if the rewards were claimed. In a normal scenario where reverts are not ignored, if a transfer fails then the reward claim for that token would cause a revert, meaning no internal acconting would be changed and a user would have to wait to receive their rewards until the token was un-paused. 

This will lead to users losing out on earned rewards, which is a loss of funds and classifies as a Medium risk vulnerability.

## Code Snippet

[VaultRewarderLib::_claimRewardToken()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/VaultRewarderLib.sol#L295-L328)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify the `claimRewardToken` function to not ignore the revert during a transfer, instead skip that token's reward claim and provide a function to retrieve any rewards that were unable to be claimed during the call at a later time when the issue is resolved (token is unpaused, more rewards are added, etc).
