Tart Aegean Nightingale

High

# Reward tokens can be stolen

## Summary

Reward tokens can be stolen by malicious users by front-running the reward claiming and emission gain update.

## Vulnerability Detail

Per the `_getAccumulatedRewardViaEmissionRate` function, the new rewards from the emission are accumulated to `state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare` via the following formula:

$$
accRewardPerVaultShare = accRewardPerVaultShare + \frac{timeSinceLastAcc \times \frac{emissionRatePerYear}{360\ days}}{totalVaultSharesBefore}
$$

Similarly, per the `_accumulateSecondaryRewardViaClaim` function, newly claimed rewards from external protocol (e.g., Convex or Aura) are accumulated to `state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare` via the following formula:

$$
accRewardPerVaultShare = accRewardPerVaultShare + \frac{tokensClaimed}{totalVaultSharesBefore}
$$

Both formulas work similarly. In short, the gain is divided by the total vault shares to compute the gain per share, and the result is accumulated to the `state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare`.

$$
accRewardPerVaultShare = accRewardPerVaultShare + \frac{gain}{totalVaultSharesBefore}
$$


#### Scenario 1 - Claiming reward tokens from external protocols (e.g., Convex)

At T0, assume the following: 

- The current ``state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare`` is 1.0
- 1000 BAL reward tokens reside on Aura, waiting for the vault to be claimed.
- Alice owned 100 vault shares. Thus, `VaultStorage.getAccountRewardDebt()[BAL][Alice] = 100 shares * 1.0 = 100`. Let `VaultStorage.getAccountRewardDebt()[BAL][Alice]` be $debt_{Alice}$
- The total vault share is 100.

Assume that at T1, the `claimRewardTokens` function is executed. All rewards from the external protocol (e.g., Convex and Aura) will be claimed, and the accumulator (`state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare`) will be updated. Note that the process of claiming reward tokens from external protocol is also triggered in many other functions, such as during depositing and redemption.

The gain is 1000 BAL. The `state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare` will be updated to 11, as shown below:

$$
\begin{flalign*}
& accRewardPerVaultShare = accRewardPerVaultShare + \frac{gain}{totalVaultSharesBefore} \\
& accRewardPerVaultShare = 1.0 + \frac{1000BAL}{100} \\
& accRewardPerVaultShare = 1.0 + 10 = 11
\end{flalign*}
$$

At T2, when Alice claims the rewards, she will be entitled to 1000 BAL.

$$
\begin{flalign*}
& rewardToClaim = (vaultSharesBefore \times rewardsPerVaultShare) - debt_{Alice} \\ 
& rewardToClaim = (100\ shares \times 11) - 100 \\ 
& rewardToClaim = 1100 - 100 = 1000 BAL
\end{flalign*}
$$

This is correct because since Alice owned 100% of the shares in the vault, she is entitled to all the reward tokens of 1000 BAL.

Let's assume an alternative scenario where a malicious user (Bob) can front-run the reward claim transaction and steal the majority of the reward tokens claimed.

Assume that right before `claimRewardTokens` transaction is executed at T1, Bob front-runs the transaction and performs the following actions:

1. Deposit assets and mint 900 vault shares. The total vault shares become 1000 vault shares.

2. When the `claimRewardTokens` transaction is executed, the `state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare` will be updated

$$
\begin{flalign*}
& accRewardPerVaultShare = accRewardPerVaultShare + \frac{gain}{totalVaultSharesBefore} \\
& accRewardPerVaultShare = 1.0 + \frac{1000BAL}{1000} \\
& accRewardPerVaultShare = 1.0 + 1.0 = 2.0
\end{flalign*}
$$

At T2, when Alice attempts to claim the reward tokens, she is entitled to only 100 BAL instead of 1000 BAL. She lost 900 BAL due to malicious users front-running right before the external reward claim was executed.

$$
\begin{flalign*}
& rewardToClaim = (vaultSharesBefore \times rewardsPerVaultShare) - debt_{Alice} \\ 
& rewardToClaim = (100\ shares \times 2.0) - 100 \\ 
& rewardToClaim = 200 - 100 = 100 BAL
\end{flalign*}
$$

On the other hand, Bob gains 900 BAL from this attack, and he can proceed to withdraw it to realize the profit.

#### Scenario 2 - New reward from emission

As time goes by, the gain from emission will be positive. Similarly, the attack mentioned in the first scenario can be applied to steal to gain from an emission.

## Impact

Reward tokens can be stolen by malicious users, as shown in the scenarios above.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/VaultRewarderLib.sol#L332

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/main/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/VaultRewarderLib.sol#L347

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There is no snapshotting to keep track of the deposit to ensure that gains are weighted according to deposit duration. Thus, consider implementing snapshotting within the vault.
