Quaint Cherry Llama

High

# Reward emissions can be blocked with a DOS attack due to insufficient precision is emissions calculation

## Summary
A malicious user can cause emission-based rewards to be lost by making frequent calls to claimAccountRewards triggering emission calculations for small enough emissions that are rounded down to zero.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vaultRewarderLib calculates reward emissions in the following way:
```solidity
additionalIncentiveAccumulatedPerVaultShare =
    (timeSinceLastAccumulation
        * uint256(Constants.INTERNAL_TOKEN_PRECISION)
        * state.emissionRatePerYear)
    / (Constants.YEAR * totalVaultSharesBefore);
```
The emmissions are calculated whenever a user calls claimAccountRewards (without any limit on the frequency of calls). If a malicious user calls claimAccountRewards frequently enough (see example below) they can trigger emission accumulations at points where the emission value is rounded down to zero.

### attack example
A. a reward emission is set for a vault of 10,000 USDC over a year.  
B. The vault has 100000 shares.  
C. A malicious user calls claimAccountRewards every 100 blocks (on Arbitrum: roughly every 200 seconds).  
Based on the code formula the additional emission calculation is:  
INTERNAL_TOKEN_PRECISION = 10^8  
USDC emissionRatePerYear = 10000 * 10^6  
timeSinceLastAccumulation = 200  
Constants.YEAR = 31536000  
totalVaultSharesBefore = 100000 * 10^8  
Emmission = 200 *  10^8 * 10000 * 10^6 / (31536000 * 100000 * 10^8) = 0.63  
D. Since the result is a fraction it gets rounded down to zero, however the emission is counted as successful and the next emission calculation will start from the current time.  
E. As the attacker continues to call the function at the needed frequency, the reward never gets accumulated.  
F. The specific interval of calls required for the attack depends on the reward amount, decimals and the number of shares in the vault.


## Impact
Loss of rewards for vault users and incentive providers.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-leveraged-vaults/blob/14d3eaf0445c251c52c86ce88a84a3f5b9dfad94/leveraged-vaults-private/contracts/vaults/common/VaultRewarderLib.sol#L383

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a precision factor to the state.accumulatedRewardPerVaultShare variable (i.e. it is always kept in 10^36 precision regardless of the reward token decimals). Adjust back to the token decimals in _claimRewardToken where the value is sent to the claiming user.