Tart Cinnamon Liger

High

# Missing transaction expiration check result in tokens selling at a lower price

## Summary
There are many instance where the trade execution lacks expiration timestamp check and setting the deadline parameter for the swaps to `block.timestamp` which could lead to transaction pending in the mempool for long time and being executed at some other price than intended.
## Vulnerability Detail
Out of many such instances I am quoting one such event of `_executeInstantRedemption` function where the `deadline` parameter is set to `block.timestamp`.
Ssetting the deadline argument of the trade call to `block.timestamp` – this basically disables the transaction expiration check because the deadline will be set to whatever timestamp the block including the transaction is minted at.

Transaction expiration check (implemented in Uniswap via the deadline argument) allows users of Uniswap to protect from selling tokens at an outdated price that's lower than the current price.

The [BaseStakingVault._executeInstantRedemption] function is called on the Ethereum mainnet.
Before the transaction is mined, there's a rapid increase of gas cost. The transaction remains in the mempool for some time since the gas cost paid by the transaction is lower than the current gas price.
While the transaction is in the mempool, the price of the token increases.
After a while, gas cost drops and the transaction is mined. Since the value of `amountOutMinimum` was calculated based on an outdated  token price which is now lower than the current price, the swapping is sandwiched by a MEV bot. The bot decreases the price of the  token in a Uniswap pool so than the minimum output amount check still holds and earns a profit from the swapping happing at a lower price.
As a result of the sandwich attack, tokens are swapped at an outdated price, which is now lower than the current price of the tokens. The protocol (and thus gamers and depositors) earn less than they could've received by selling the tokens at the current price.
## Impact
Reediming from notional can be exploited by a sandwich attack. redeemers may receive less tokens than expected due to tokens have been sold at an outdated price.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
 function _executeInstantRedemption(
        address, /* account */
        uint256 vaultShares,
        uint256, /* maturity */
        RedeemParams memory params
    ) internal virtual returns (uint256 borrowedCurrencyAmount) {
        uint256 sellAmount = getStakingTokensForVaultShare(vaultShares);

        Trade memory trade = Trade({
            tradeType: TradeType.EXACT_IN_SINGLE,
            sellToken: address(STAKING_TOKEN),
            buyToken: address(BORROW_TOKEN),
            amount: sellAmount,
            limit: params.minPurchaseAmount,
            deadline: block.timestamp,
            exchangeData: params.exchangeData
        });

        // Executes a trade on the given Dex, the vault must have permissions set for
        // each dex and token it wants to sell.
        ( /* */ , borrowedCurrencyAmount) = _executeTrade(params.dexId, trade);
    }
```    
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider a reasonable value to the deadline argument. For example, [Uniswap sets it to 30 minutes on the Etehreum mainnet and to 5 minutes on L2 networks](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface/blob/main/src/constants/misc.ts#L7-L8).